Add Celsius amount to the crouton recipe (#566)
LukeSmithxyz/based.cooking: src/croutons.md

## Directions

> 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (roughly 180 degrees Celsius).  Gently cut slices of white bread into squares with a chef's knife.  One to two slices is usually enough for one person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Preheat oven to 350°F (roughly 180°C).  Gently cut slices of white bread into squares with a chef's knife.  One to two slices is usually enough for one person.
```

Thought may as well add the `°` symbol while here.

Reviewer 2: Make sure you are using the right encoding (like UTF tags, ASCII, etc), because some browsers may not render the symbol correctly and/or the markdown to html engine may have problems rendering it. @hallzy
